hey guys Tiffany with another video so
as the title states this is going to be
a review of a product that I have found
to be a dupe for max bright for cast
prep and prime which I have to say I
absolutely love so if you want to know
exactly what I'm talking about
stay tuned for those of you who are
unfamiliar with exactly what the Mac
prep and prime bright forecast
highlighter is it's basically just a
highlighter paint it comes in a package
and that looks like this it has the name
on one in which I'm not sure the cameras
gonna pick up but then it also has sort
of a color sticker right there so you'll
know what color it is that you're
getting I do have this in peach luster
as well but I use that one for a color
corrector if you all have not checked
out my review of that product I will
leave a link to it down below but I do
love to use this as a highlighter under
my eyes and here on my forehead when I
just want to look alive and not like I'm
in bombed so it comes in sort of a click
pin like this with a brush tip
applicator you turn it and then the
product comes out and I'm gonna go ahead
and swatch it for you so you guys can
see what the color looks like so that
right there is what the bright forecast
prep and prime looks like and again you
just blend it out and it gives you a
really nice highlighted color on the
areas of your face that you want to as I
say like I absolutely love this product
what I don't love is the twenty five
dollar price so I was so excited when I
ran across a drugstore do yes yes you
heard me right a drugs and the word that
I'm talking about is the Physicians
Formula nude where touch of glow
concealer highlighter pen and this is
what it looks like first of all
absolutely love the packaging how cute
is the little bow and then you got the
rose gold you got some little leather
like details here absolutely love the
packaging normally I do not go for
Physicians Formula products because I
think that as far as drugstore goals
they're little too expensive I mean some
of their blushes will
you about the same price as a higher in
blush so I'm not about that high product
drugstore life I'm not but this is one
of their new products that they just
came out with like they did this whole
nude glow nude where touch of glow line
and this was the only thing that I
picked up from it I just thought when
the packaging was really cute and it
looked interesting enough for me to give
it a try I'm gonna show you it also
comes in a click top applicator just
like the Mac prep and prime has a brush
tip at the top and I'm gonna swatch it
right next to bright forecast so that
right there is what the Physicians
Formula swatch is like and that right
there is what bright forecasts watches
like I've been using this for the past
two weeks as a highlighter absolutely
love it hands down it goes to a matte
finish the same way that the prep and
prime does and that is one of the
reasons why I absolutely love the prep
and prime I love how it just dries matte
on your face being an oily girl I can
appreciate that this dries the same way
I think it's almost a little bit like a
smidge lighter then the prep and prime
but it just works
so so well in my favor if you are
towards the lighter end of the color
spectrum I'm not exactly sure if you'll
be able to use this as a highlighter but
it may work really well as a concealer
for you but for me and my NW 43 skin
tone this product has been absolutely
amazing and wait for it it's only 1295
so it's so much more cheaper than the
Mac prep and prime but yet it works just
as amazing now I went ahead and blended
both of them out and as you can see even
with them blended out in side-by-side
you cannot really tell the difference
right here is the Mac prep and prime and
right there is a Physicians Formula yeah
totally a dupe a really great dupe it
works really really well I'm telling you
I've been wearing it for the past two
weeks absolutely love it I'm wearing
today as a highlighter on my face so I
will come in just to give you all a
better look at how it looks on my face
so I just wanted to share that with you
guys whenever I find something
especially a dupe of a product that I
love I always want to make sure that I
get that information out so it's
something that you can look into if you
want to hopefully you guys found this
video helpful please let me know in the
comment section and until next time bye
YouTube